Chartbeat’s website is one of the most engaging websites I have ever seen. the website uses live updated numbers, a lot of css tricks, information about the user and many more engaging elements to capture the user. The website is impressive from the first look, although it may not seem unique at the first look (before the user scrolls down). The website is not very heavy in weight, taking in consideration all the elements on it. 

The page without scrolling is complete. it includes the logo, the ‘sign-in’ button, 30-day trial bar and most importantly a great user friendly summary of what the company does. The website is very personal, its wording informality makes it more appropriate for users. As you scroll down, you feel like you are in the zoo or in an amusement park, enjoying the ride and excited to see more. The colors used in the website are limited which makes them fit better together. Looking deeply in the website, it has two types of backgrounds and transitioning patterns. Starting at the top, the 30-day trial bar doesn’t leave the user throughout the ride. It is wide, it is sticky and it will not leave you alone, which makes it stand out to the client. The content on the rest of the page flow really well, with a lot of css tricks, very good use of typography to highlight the priority of the content and logical order of the content. Finally the footer is as good as the content sections. The number of pixels the user scrolled is fun to watch. In general the footer is clean, to the point and well organized.

The website has a clean modern design. The idea of having a lot of the content on one page where you can scroll to different sections of the page to see it, is relatively modern and is applied very well here. The graphics of the website are really great, they are clean, abundant, and consistent. Although the website is not responsive, I don’t blame them since the website has a lot to offer. I am not sure if the website will be better if it is more flat, or if that will take part of its identity. 

	In conclusion the website give a strong message to the client that Chartbeat are very smart people, although that may not be related to reality. 
