Having a Windows phone, constraints the amount of apps I have access to, so I usually access YouTube from a browser since I don't have that great of a YouTube app yet. The website overall is functional but not beautiful. Starting with the header, it is small and suitable in size but its icons are not crisp and beautiful as they ought to be. On the other hand, the list of videos is not too bad, I think it would be good if the names of the channels were a bit larger, but I am not sure how that would look. Finally, the last thing in the home page is the left menu. It uses the same type of low quality icons, but I like how the font is displayed. 

  Moving on to the video view page, it is consistent overall so just like the home page, it is functional but not beautiful. Skipping the header and video picture, the bar under the video uses the same kind of clean cut low quality icons that are on all the website. Something that I am not too fond of is the light gray color of the icons on the darker gray background which kills a lot of the contrast and makes it dull and shabby. Yet since this is the way, YouTube desktop site is designed I can’t complaint. After the video we get the stats which I really detest. The information area is just not clean enough! The word are crammed together. In my opinion, the video title is fine but the uploader name has more than one space between it and the word “By” (I know that this is really minor, but it takes away from the professional look of any website) and the number of views is bold and too close to the line above it. This area could use a lot of improvement. Finally, other than the number of views which sticks to the bottom of the box when the title is two lines (which is the case for most of the videos), I don’t have any problem with the list of related videos at the end of the page. 

	Lastly, I really apologize for putting emotions into the critique, but this is the way that I know how to give my opinion. The mobile YouTube site could need some beautifying, but until then it is working for all the YouTube fans. I give the website 6/10.  
