    Segmented home page, crispy, and calming are the greatest attributes of the Happy Cog website. When I looked at it for the first time, I didn’t know what to expect until I remembered my student manager using this style for his own portfolio. Segmented home page websites are relatively new to the industry until recently when a few of them came along like less, happy Cog and few others. I don’t know who started the trend but I know that it has spread all over the internet. The website also has a fancy nav bar that scrolls down with you as you go and takes you anywhere you want on the page. The website uses a great deal of typography, which makes everything they say shine off the page and stand out from the thing beside it. It is also easy to navigate, giving the user a sense of control and great understanding.  In general the website is very elegant and professional, without pushing anything on you.

    Surfing and reading this website convinces the user that this firm is capable of delivering great website. In the header Happy Cog defines itself plainly. The logo with the year of establishment, the great title name, the arrow that takes you the projects page and finally the definition make up the elegant and beautiful header. From the header the user is told how old Happy Cog is and what to expect from their service. He is told that Happy Cog makes websites “that balance beauty, strategy, and utility” and this website is a living proof of that. The body is long and straight forward. It contains some kind of picture in every section to capture the audience. The body is clean and consistent. Usually the websites that have different segmented sections choose to use different backgrounds to distinguish every section but Happy Cog doesn’t do that. Finally, after a journey of a couple thousand pixels or so, we safely reach the footer which is beautiful in design. The footer has the same background like the header which reminds me of vimeo, and how it feels like the end of a tour. The content of the footer is distributed in a very unconventional way. The content is in the shape of a pyramid that is upside down! Finally this is the first footer that I see that ends with “Thank you! Come again”. In conclusion the website was fantastic, the design is very beautiful and original, and the fact that it is responsive makes me want to hug it! (But I can’t! :| ) I give it 10/10.
