United Pixels is probably one of the most appealing shopping website I have visited. It does a good job standing out from all the other shopping websites. The design is modern. It is clean and flat with an emphasis on content rather chrome. The website uses typography well. It uses it to emphasis or disregard relatively unimportant content. The website uses a great color combination that is consistent throughout the website. I like how they use white, gray and a dark color (in addition to the other colors) because they are all beautiful together and contrast each other well. The website is easy to use, you can’t really get lost inside it. A part of the beauty of the website is how dynamic it is. The beautiful shopping cart icon, slides to show more options and accompany you, products jump when you hover over them, the nav tab is underlined with an orange line and most importantly the website is responsive. It accommodates all sizes as the products jump around to rearrange themselves to the new size. Finally, all components of the website (header, body and footer) are merge well together. The header and the footer are similar in design, which makes the design consistent as a whole.

	Although the website is well crafted by pixelworkers, it does have some glitches. The main flaw that I keep noticing is the unsuitable size of some text. For instance, I would have never cared to read the sentence under the nav bar. If it is important which is indicated by its location on the website, then it should be larger in font or relocated (because the space may not be enough) and if not then why do you have it here?! The nav has the same problem; it is tiny! Although the homepage is important, other pages are as important to market the products such as about or roll call. Finally, the size of the headers in the footer is inconsistent with the size of the buttons or input areas under them! This leads the user to a flipped thinking process, starting with the knowledge that he can insert his email and ending with knowing why!

	In conclusion, the website is very appealing and is successful at what it was made for. It is hard not to buy one of those products. It makes the pixelworkers around the globe truly proud, so I give it 9/10.

