	I had to critique a number of websites for this class till this point and my general impression and critique on them was generally positive, but this website has annoyed me extremely with its darkness and lack of respect to the reader. My first impression is not too bad, it looks professional and its initial dark theme make it unique. The website gives you a powerful impression, with its foreign name, old fashioned architectural pattern background and its paper art icons, it stands out immediately. It is very evident that the website is not made for naive beginners in web development but for people with certain amount of experience. I don't know what the dark theme stands for yet, does it represent the mystical power of a samurai warrior or a warning about the companies' lack of transparency ?! I leave the answer to the target audience of the website. 

	The dark theme of the website is consistent in all its parts, the whole website uses a handful of colors ranging from dark purple to light purple and blue! The header uses blue, white and few levels of purple, while the body and the footer uses less variety of the amazing numerous colors used! It frustrates me to see such a design. For some reason I remember the design with a pain in my guts. There is nothing special about the header. The place of the notification is good as the user can't help but look at it as he transitions his eye from the header to the body of the website. The body of the website uses few good tricks like the blue light under the cool looking paper art icons. The home page uses the space well. By the end of reading it (without scrolling) the client would have learned everything he would care to know that they expect him to sign up right after that. The rest isn't too different from the rest, where the last third of the body has good looking icons that requires you to hover over in order to read or see and finally a well organized footer that is consistent with the rest of the website. Overall I give this website 6/10. Sorry I am kind of annoyed (although I discovered that my screen wasn't on its complete brightness). 
